docs: add instructions for connecting edge host to wifi (#2092)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/clusters/edge/site-deployment/site-installation/site-user-data.md

- `mkisofs`, or `genisoimage`, or similar ISO management software.

  - `cdrtools` or `wodim` for Windows.

## Create ISO

1.  Create a file called **user-data** that contains the additional configurations you want to override or inject.
    Ensure that the file starts with a line that only contains `#cloud-config`. Only include configurations you'd like
    to add or override. There is no need to include user data that was already present when the ISO image was build in
    the [Build Edge Artifacts](../../edgeforge-workflow/palette-canvos.md) step.

    ```shell
    touch user-data
    ```

>     For example, you can include the following content in the **user-data** file to connect your Edge host to wifi. This

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For example, you can include the following content in the **user-data** file to connect your Edge host to Wi-Fi. This
```

5. Once the Edge host arrives at the physical site. Load the USB drive to the Edge host before powering it on. The Edge
   Installer will apply the new user data during the installation process.

## Validate

You can validate that the ISO image is not corrupted by attempting to flash a bootable device. Most software that
creates a bootable device will validate the ISO image before the flash process.

If you have SSH access, you can also SSH into the Edge host and locate your **user-data** file in either `/oem` or

> `/run/stylus`. The site-specific user-data is named **user-data** while the original user data file is named something

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`/run/stylus`. The site-specific user data is named **user-data** while the original user data file is named something
```
